Lookup Vulnerable Hosts from Slack and Microsoft Teams Workflow Improvements (#388)
rapid7/insightconnect-workflows: workflows/Lookup_Vulnerable_Hosts_From_Slack/help.md

Import the workflow from the Rapid7 Extension Library and proceed through the Import Workflow wizard in InsightConnect. Import plugins, create or select connections, and rename the workflow as a part of the Import Workflow wizard as necessary.

> Once the workflow has been imported, **first Slack step will need the channel name updated to suit your Slack environment!** Edit the input with the preset text of `change_me` in first Slack step in the workflow. There is also a Settings step which can be edited to change the maximum number of vulnerabilities and maximum hosts listed per vulnerability which are returned. The defaults are 50 vulnerabilities and 10 assets per vulnerability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the workflow has been imported, **first Slack step will need the channel name updated to suit your Slack environment!** Edit the input with the preset text of `change_me` in first Slack step in the workflow. There is also an optional Settings step which can be edited to change the maximum number of vulnerabilities and maximum hosts listed per vulnerability which are returned. The defaults are 50 vulnerabilities and 10 assets per vulnerability.
```

> Once the workflow has been imported, **first Slack step will need the channel name updated to suit your Slack environment!** Edit the input with the preset text of `change_me` in first Slack step in the workflow. There is also an optional Settings step which can be edited to change the maximum number of vulnerabilities and maximum hosts listed per vulnerability which are returned. The defaults are 50 vulnerabilities and 10 assets per vulnerability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the workflow has been imported, **the first Slack step will need the channel name updated to suit your Slack environment!** Edit the input with the preset text of `change_me` in first Slack step in the workflow. There is also an optional Settings step which can be edited to change the maximum number of vulnerabilities and maximum hosts listed per vulnerability which are returned. The defaults are 50 vulnerabilities and 10 assets per vulnerability.
```

|----|----|--------|
|CSV|1.1.5|1|
|Rapid7 Vulnerability & Exploit Database|2.0.3|1|
|Type Converter|1.6.0|3|
|Rapid7 InsightVM|4.8.1|5|

## Troubleshooting

_There is no troubleshooting information at this time_

# Version History

> * 1.1.0 - Use the automatic extraction functionality instead of 'Pattern Match' step to extract a vulnerability | Improve workflow messaging | Improve documentation | Update screenshots | Update Rapid7 InsightVM to version 4.8.1 | Update Type Converter to version 1.6.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 1.1.0 - Use the automatic extraction functionality instead of Pattern Match step to extract a vulnerability | Improve workflow messaging | Improve documentation | Update screenshots | Update Rapid7 InsightVM to version 4.8.1 | Update Type Converter to version 1.6.0
```
